some update of Remote-Playback-API (#30541)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmediaelement/remote/index.md

---
title: "HTMLMediaElement: remote property"
short-title: remote
slug: Web/API/HTMLMediaElement/remote
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLMediaElement.remote
---

{{APIRef("Remote Playback API")}}

> The **`remote`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLMediaElement")}} interface return a {{domxref("RemotePlayback")}} object instance associated with the media element. This is the entry point of the {{domxref("Remote Playback API", "", "", "nocode")}}.

Reviewer: _A_ or _the_ ? If we call this property twice, do we get the same `RemotePlayback` object or a different (new) one?

```suggestion
The **`remote`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLMediaElement")}} interface returns the {{domxref("RemotePlayback")}} object associated with the media element. The `RemotePlayback` object allow the control of remote devices playing the media.
```

I don't think that saying that something is an entry point of an API is useful. The division in APIs is arbitrary and not really useful to developpers. They will click on `RemotePlayback` and from them can get an overview, if they want.

> The **`remote`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLMediaElement")}} interface return a {{domxref("RemotePlayback")}} object instance associated with the media element. This is the entry point of the {{domxref("Remote Playback API", "Remote Playback API", "", "nocode")}}.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`remote`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLMediaElement")}} interface return a {{domxref("RemotePlayback")}} object instance associated with the media element. This is the entry point of the {{domxref("Remote Playback API", "", "", "nocode")}}.
```

## Value

> A {{domxref("RemotePlayback")}} object instance.

Reviewer: See above. I assumed that it always the same object.
```suggestion
The associated {{domxref("RemotePlayback")}} object.
```

## Example

```js
const el = document.createElement("audio");
const remotePlayback = el.remote;

remotePlayback.watchAvailability((availability) => {

>   // do something when the availability changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Do something when the availability changes
```
